General Idea: You are a private courier in this fantasy world. Your goal is to pick up parcels in the various towns of the world and deliver them to their respective destinations. The faster you do so, the more money you get, allowing you to buy items to help you in your journey. The game ends after 1 player delivers X (10?) parcels, and the winner is whoever has the most money.

Game Setup: 
  Everyone draws/rolls their two starting items
  
  Everyone chooses a starting city
  
  Each city starts with two parcels for a random other city

Map:
  6 Towns/Cities: Plembury (Red), Leewood(Orange), Edmond(Purple), Arkton(Blue), Hayville (Yellow), Vrogan (Green)

       The map is split into three regions with two towns per region.
        
 Each town takes up one tile. There are paths between various towns with tiles along the path.

     There are various obstacles along these paths (Rivers, Mountains, etc.) that are classified as rough terrain and require extra movement points to enter.

  Players each occupy one tile at a time, and always occupy a tile.

  Each town has a certain number of parcels waiting to be picked up by a player. These take the form as a physical piece placed on the board next to the town. Each piece is the color of the town it needs to be delivered to.

        Each player has a turn counter. This is a row of 10 squares with point values inside each square. This is where the player will store their undelivered parcels.

Round: 
    Every Player should move each parcel in their turn counter forward by one square.
              (the longer the player holds onto the packages, the less they are worth when delivered)

    Draw/Roll for weather for each region (Sunny, Cloudy, Raining, Snowing, etc.). This affects movement costs (rivers are harder to cross in the rain, mountains harder in the snow, etc.)

      Draw/Roll to generate more parcels within each town
  
   Go through each player in order:
              roll dice for movement points
          
           Draw/Roll for obstacle (local weather?, collapsed bridge, river flooding, rockslide, political unrest/riots, robbery, etc.) These mostly just affect movement point cost, and won’t always be relevant (i.e. the local bridge collapsed but you weren’t planning on using that bridge this turn anyway). These obstacles only apply to that player for this round.

                use items/powers (if you have a boat you can cross rivers in the rain at normal speed regardless of bridge condition, snowshoes through mountains at normal speed regardless of snowstorm, climbing gear lets you ignore rockslides, etc.)  
                
         spend movement points as desired
                  move through tiles
                     collect parcels in town
                     deliver parcels in town
                     (enter store in town?)
              
               ?
       
                Next Person




Materials:

	Dice/Cards
	Map/PlayerBoard
	Ruleset
	Rollsheet(if dice)